# Anonymous Authorization
This system employs special authorization mechanisms to ensure that our users enjoy a friction-free experience.

## automated session authentication
Except for special circumstances (see Sponsors) our platform uses anonomous automated session authentication in order to provide customized experience to return visitors without requiring an email and password.

#### temporary cookie key
This system stores a key in your browser (you can see it in your cookies!) that is used to provide an enjoyable experience with temporary data persistance for all users.

#### enhanced linked session authentication (session image)
There may be some users who want to keep their platform progression across different browsers or devices:

- Don't want to lose track of those fresh voxels you've collected but haven't yet built with? 
- Don't want to lose track of the complete list of meditations that you've reflected on?
- Do you want to connect your sessions across devices to play as the same Our Disco Tech builder on multiple screens?

The answer for these users is to submit something called a "session image":

- Submit a session image (.png) and the system will link your session keys, and will grant you acccess to that aggregated data from any linked session.
- The image will be used like a username and password.
- Keep it safe - submitting an image will upload a converted version for our session image quilt. 
- As long as the origninal image is kept private, the data generated by activity from linked sessions will remain within your exclusive control.
